docs/templates/eap/eap6-postgresql-persistent-sti.adoc, before:

= eap6-postgresql-persistent-sti

Application template for EAP 6 PostgreSQL applications with persistent storage built using STI.

toc::[levels=2]

== Parameters

Templates allow you to define parameters which take on a value. That value is then substituted wherever the parameter is referenced.
References can be defined in any text field in the objects list field. Refer to the
https://docs.openshift.org/latest/architecture/core_concepts/templates.html#parameters[Openshift documentation] for more information.

|=======================================================================
|Variable name |Image Environment Variable |Description |Example value

| `EAP_RELEASE`  |  --  |  `EAP Release version, e.g. 6.4, etc.`  |  `6.4` 
| `APPLICATION_NAME`  |  --  |  `The name for the application.`  |  `eap-app` 
| `APPLICATION_HOSTNAME`  |  --  |  `Custom hostname for service routes.  Leave blank for default hostname, e.g.: <application-name>.<project>.<default-domain-suffix>`  |  `secure-app.test.router.default.local` 
| `GIT_URI`  |  --  |  `Git source URI for application`  |  ``https://github.com/jboss-openshift/openshift-examples.git` 
| `GIT_REF`  |  --  |  `Git branch/tag reference`  |  `master` 
| `GIT_CONTEXT_DIR`  |  --  |  `Path within Git project to build; empty for root project directory.`  |  `helloworld` 
| `DB_JNDI`  |  `DB_JNDI`  |  `Database JNDI name used by application to resolve the datasource, e.g. java:/jboss/datasources/postgresql`  |  `${DB_JNDI}` 
| `DB_DATABASE`  |  `DB_DATABASE`  |  `Database name`  |  `root` 
| `VOLUME_CAPACITY`  |  --  |  `Size of persistent storage for database volume.`  |  `512Mi` 
| `HORNETQ_QUEUES`  |  `HORNETQ_QUEUES`  |  `Queue names`  |  `${HORNETQ_QUEUES}` 
| `HORNETQ_TOPICS`  |  `HORNETQ_TOPICS`  |  `Topic names`  |  `${HORNETQ_TOPICS}` 
| `EAP_HTTPS_SECRET`  |  --  |  `The name of the secret containing the keystore file`  |  `eap-app-secret` 
| `EAP_HTTPS_KEYSTORE`  |  `EAP_HTTPS_KEYSTORE_DIR`  |  `The name of the keystore file within the secret`  |  `keystore.jks` 
| `EAP_HTTPS_NAME`  |  `EAP_HTTPS_NAME`  |  `The name associated with the server certificate`  |  `${EAP_HTTPS_NAME}` 
| `EAP_HTTPS_PASSWORD`  |  `EAP_HTTPS_PASSWORD`  |  `The password for the keystore and certificate`  |  `${EAP_HTTPS_PASSWORD}` 
| `DB_MIN_POOL_SIZE`  |  `DB_MIN_POOL_SIZE`  |  `Sets xa-pool/min-pool-size for the configured datasource.`  |  `${DB_MIN_POOL_SIZE}` 
| `DB_MAX_POOL_SIZE`  |  `DB_MAX_POOL_SIZE`  |  `Sets xa-pool/max-pool-size for the configured datasource.`  |  `${DB_MAX_POOL_SIZE}` 
| `DB_TX_ISOLATION`  |  `DB_TX_ISOLATION`  |  `Sets transaction-isolation for the configured datasource.`  |  `${DB_TX_ISOLATION}` 
| `POSTGRESQL_MAX_CONNECTIONS`  |  `POSTGRESQL_MAX_CONNECTIONS`  |  `The maximum number of client connections allowed. This also sets the maximum number of prepared transactions.`  |  `${POSTGRESQL_MAX_CONNECTIONS}` 
| `POSTGRESQL_SHARED_BUFFERS`  |  `POSTGRESQL_SHARED_BUFFERS`  |  `Configures how much memory is dedicated to PostgreSQL for caching data.`  |  `${POSTGRESQL_SHARED_BUFFERS}` 
| `HORNETQ_CLUSTER_PASSWORD`  |  `HORNETQ_CLUSTER_PASSWORD`  |  `HornetQ cluster admin password`  |  `${HORNETQ_CLUSTER_PASSWORD}` 
| `DB_USERNAME`  |  `DB_USERNAME`  |  `Database user name`  |  `${DB_USERNAME}` 
| `DB_PASSWORD`  |  `DB_PASSWORD`  |  `Database user password`  |  `${DB_PASSWORD}` 
| `GITHUB_TRIGGER_SECRET`  |  --  |  `GitHub trigger secret`  |  `secret101` 
| `GENERIC_TRIGGER_SECRET`  |  --  |  `Generic build trigger secret`  |  `secret101` 
| `IMAGE_STREAM_NAMESPACE`  |  --  |  `Namespace in which the ImageStreams for Red Hat Middleware images are installed. These ImageStreams are normally installed in the openshift namespace. You should only need to modify this if you've installed the ImageStreams in a different namespace/project.`  |  `openshift` 
|=======================================================================

== Objects

The CLI supports various object types. A list of these object types as well as their abbreviations
can be found in the https://docs.openshift.org/latest/cli_reference/basic_cli_operations.html#object-types[Openshift documentation].

=== Services

A service is an abstraction which defines a logical set of pods and a policy by which to access them. Refer to the
https://cloud.google.com/container-engine/docs/services/[container-engine documentation] for more information.

|=============
|Service        |Port  | Description

| `${APPLICATION_NAME}`  |  `8080`  |  `The web server's http port.` 
| `secure-${APPLICATION_NAME}`  |  `8443`  |  `The web server's https port.` 
| `${APPLICATION_NAME}-postgresql`  |  `5432`  |  `The database server's port.` 
|=============

=== Routes

A route is a way to expose a service by giving it an externally-reachable hostname such as `www.example.com`. A defined route and the endpoints
identified by its service can be consumed by a router to provide named connectivity from external clients to your applications. Each route consists
of a route name, service selector, and (optionally) security configuration. Refer to the
https://docs.openshift.com/enterprise/3.0/architecture/core_concepts/routes.html[Openshift documentation] for more information.

|=============
| Service    | Security | Hostname

| `${APPLICATION_NAME}-http-route`  |  `none`  |  `${APPLICATION_HOSTNAME}` 
| `${APPLICATION_NAME}-https-route`  |  `TLS passthrough`  |  `${APPLICATION_HOSTNAME}` 
|=============

=== Build Configurations

A `buildConfig` describes a single build definition and a set of triggers for when a new build should be created.
A `buildConfig` is a REST object, which can be used in a POST to the API server to create a new instance. Refer to
the https://docs.openshift.com/enterprise/3.0/dev_guide/builds.html#defining-a-buildconfig[Openshift documentation]
for more information.

|=============
| STI image  | link | Build output | BuildTriggers and Settings

| `jboss-eap6-openshift:${EAP_RELEASE}`  |  ` link:../../eap/eap-openshift{outfilesuffix}[`jboss-eap-6/eap-openshift`]`  |  `${APPLICATION_NAME}:latest`  |  `Generic, GitHub, ImageChange` 
|=============

=== Deployment Configurations

A deployment in OpenShift is a replication controller based on a user defined template called a deployment configuration. Deployments are created manually or in response to triggered events.
Refer to the https://docs.openshift.com/enterprise/3.0/dev_guide/deployments.html#creating-a-deployment-configuration[Openshift documentation] for more information.

==== Triggers

A trigger drives the creation of new deployments in response to events, both inside and outside OpenShift. Refer to the
https://access.redhat.com/beta/documentation/en/openshift-enterprise-30-developer-guide#triggers[Openshift documentation] for more information.

|============
|Deployment | Triggers

| `${APPLICATION_NAME}`  |  `ImageChange` 
| `${APPLICATION_NAME}-postgresql`  |  `ImageChange` 
|============

==== Replicas

A replication controller ensures that a specified number of pod "replicas" are running at any one time.
If there are too many, the replication controller kills some pods. If there are too few, it starts more.
Refer to the https://cloud.google.com/container-engine/docs/replicationcontrollers/[container-engine documentation]
for more information.

|============
|Deployment | Replicas

| `${APPLICATION_NAME}`  |  `1` 
| `${APPLICATION_NAME}-postgresql`  |  `1` 
|============

==== Pod Template

===== Service Accounts

Service accounts are API objects that exist within each project. They can be created or deleted like any other API object. Refer to the
https://docs.openshift.com/enterprise/3.0/dev_guide/service_accounts.html#managing-service-accounts[Openshift documentation] for more
information.

|============
|Deployment | Service Account

| `${APPLICATION_NAME}`  |  `eap-service-account` 
|============

===== Image

|============
|Deployment | Image

| `${APPLICATION_NAME}`  |  `${APPLICATION_NAME}` 
| `${APPLICATION_NAME}-postgresql`  |  `postgresql` 
|============

===== Readiness Probe


====== ${APPLICATION_NAME}
----
/bin/bash

-c

/opt/eap/bin/readinessProbe.sh
----


===== Exposed Ports

|=============
|Deployments | Name  | Port  | Protocol

.3+| `${APPLICATION_NAME}`
| `http`  |  `8080`  |  `TCP` 
| `https`  |  `8443`  |  `TCP` 
| `ping`  |  `8888`  |  `TCP` 
.1+| `${APPLICATION_NAME}-postgresql`
| --  |  `5432`  |  `TCP` 
|=============

===== Image Environment Variables

|=======================================================================
|Deployment |Variable name |Description |Example value

.18+| `${APPLICATION_NAME}`
| `DB_SERVICE_PREFIX_MAPPING`  |  --  |  `${APPLICATION_NAME}-postgresql=DB` 
| `DB_JNDI`  |  `Database JNDI name used by application to resolve the datasource, e.g. java:/jboss/datasources/postgresql`  |  `${DB_JNDI}` 
| `DB_USERNAME`  |  `Database user name`  |  `${DB_USERNAME}` 
| `DB_PASSWORD`  |  `Database user password`  |  `${DB_PASSWORD}` 
| `DB_DATABASE`  |  `Database name`  |  `${DB_DATABASE}` 
| `TX_DATABASE_PREFIX_MAPPING`  |  --  |  `${APPLICATION_NAME}-postgresql=DB` 
| `DB_MIN_POOL_SIZE`  |  `Sets xa-pool/min-pool-size for the configured datasource.`  |  `${DB_MIN_POOL_SIZE}` 
| `DB_MAX_POOL_SIZE`  |  `Sets xa-pool/max-pool-size for the configured datasource.`  |  `${DB_MAX_POOL_SIZE}` 
| `DB_TX_ISOLATION`  |  `Sets transaction-isolation for the configured datasource.`  |  `${DB_TX_ISOLATION}` 
| `OPENSHIFT_KUBE_PING_LABELS`  |  Used to define the Kubernetes labels for selecting pods that are part of the same cluster for JGroups openshift.KUBE_PING. Required; provided in supported templates as `application=${APPLICATION_NAME}` |  `application=${APPLICATION_NAME}` 
| `OPENSHIFT_KUBE_PING_NAMESPACE`  |  Used to define the Kubernetes namespace for selecting pods that are part of the same cluster for JGroups openshift.KUBE_PING. Required; provided dynamically in supported templates as `"valueFrom": { "fieldRef": { "fieldPath": "metadata.namespace" } }`  |  `myproject` 
| `EAP_HTTPS_KEYSTORE_DIR`  |  `The name of the keystore file within the secret`  |  `/etc/eap-secret-volume` 
| `EAP_HTTPS_KEYSTORE`  |  `The name of the keystore file within the secret`  |  `${EAP_HTTPS_KEYSTORE}` 
| `EAP_HTTPS_NAME`  |  `The name associated with the server certificate`  |  `${EAP_HTTPS_NAME}` 
| `EAP_HTTPS_PASSWORD`  |  `The password for the keystore and certificate`  |  `${EAP_HTTPS_PASSWORD}` 
| `HORNETQ_CLUSTER_PASSWORD`  |  `HornetQ cluster admin password`  |  `${HORNETQ_CLUSTER_PASSWORD}` 
| `HORNETQ_QUEUES`  |  `Queue names`  |  `${HORNETQ_QUEUES}` 
| `HORNETQ_TOPICS`  |  `Topic names`  |  `${HORNETQ_TOPICS}` 
.5+| `${APPLICATION_NAME}-postgresql`
| `POSTGRESQL_USER`  |  --  |  `${DB_USERNAME}` 
| `POSTGRESQL_PASSWORD`  |  --  |  `${DB_PASSWORD}` 
| `POSTGRESQL_DATABASE`  |  --  |  `${DB_DATABASE}` 
| `POSTGRESQL_MAX_CONNECTIONS`  |  `The maximum number of client connections allowed. This also sets the maximum number of prepared transactions.`  |  `${POSTGRESQL_MAX_CONNECTIONS}` 
| `POSTGRESQL_SHARED_BUFFERS`  |  `Configures how much memory is dedicated to PostgreSQL for caching data.`  |  `${POSTGRESQL_SHARED_BUFFERS}` 
|=======================================================================

=====  Volumes

|=============
|Deployment |Name  | mountPath | Purpose | readOnly 

| `${APPLICATION_NAME}`  |  `eap-keystore-volume`  |  `/etc/eap-secret-volume`  |  `ssl certs`  |  `True` 
| `${APPLICATION_NAME}-postgresql`  |  `${APPLICATION_NAME}-postgresql-pvol`  |  `/var/lib/pgsql/data`  |  `postgresql`  |  `false` 
|=============

=== External Dependencies

==== Volume Claims

A `PersistentVolume` object is a storage resource in an OpenShift cluster. Storage is provisioned by an administrator
by creating `PersistentVolume` objects from sources such as GCE Persistent Disks, AWS Elastic Block Stores (EBS), and NFS mounts.
Refer to the https://docs.openshift.com/enterprise/3.0/dev_guide/persistent_volumes.html#overview[Openshift documentation] for
more information.

|=============
|Name | Access Mode

| `${APPLICATION_NAME}-postgresql-claim`  |  `ReadWriteOnce` 
|=============

==== Secrets 

This template requires https://github.com/jboss-openshift/application-templates/blob/master/secrets/eap-app-secrets.json[eap-app-secrets.json] to be installed for the application to run.

[[clustering]]
==== Clustering

Clustering in OpenShift EAP is achieved through one of two discovery mechanisms:
Kubernetes or DNS. This is done by configuring the JGroups protocol stack in
standalone-openshift.xml with either the `<openshift.KUBE_PING/>` or `<openshift.DNS_PING/>`
elements. Out of the box, `KUBE_PING` is the supported protocol and what is
pre-configured in OpenShift EAP.

For `KUBE_PING` to work, however, two steps must be taken:

. The `OPENSHIFT_KUBE_PING_LABELS` and `OPENSHIFT_KUBE_PING_NAMESPACE` environment
variables must be set (see table above).
. Authorization must be granted to the service account the pod is running under
to be allowed to access Kubernetes' REST api. This is done on the command line.

.Policy commands
====
Using the default service account in the myproject namespace:
....
oc policy add-role-to-user view system:serviceaccount:myproject:default -n myproject
....
Using the eap-service-account in the myproject namespace:
....
oc policy add-role-to-user view system:serviceaccount:myproject:eap-service-account -n myproject
....
====

Commit message:

[CLOUD-217] Change openshift PING protocols to only return self if clustering not configured

docs/templates/eap/eap6-postgresql-persistent-sti.adoc, after:

= eap6-postgresql-persistent-sti

Application template for EAP 6 PostgreSQL applications with persistent storage built using STI.

toc::[levels=2]

== Parameters

Templates allow you to define parameters which take on a value. That value is then substituted wherever the parameter is referenced.
References can be defined in any text field in the objects list field. Refer to the
https://docs.openshift.org/latest/architecture/core_concepts/templates.html#parameters[Openshift documentation] for more information.

|=======================================================================
|Variable name |Image Environment Variable |Description |Example value

| `EAP_RELEASE`  |  --  |  `EAP Release version, e.g. 6.4, etc.`  |  `6.4` 
| `APPLICATION_NAME`  |  --  |  `The name for the application.`  |  `eap-app` 
| `APPLICATION_HOSTNAME`  |  --  |  `Custom hostname for service routes.  Leave blank for default hostname, e.g.: <application-name>.<project>.<default-domain-suffix>`  |  `secure-app.test.router.default.local` 
| `GIT_URI`  |  --  |  `Git source URI for application`  |  ``https://github.com/jboss-openshift/openshift-examples.git` 
| `GIT_REF`  |  --  |  `Git branch/tag reference`  |  `master` 
| `GIT_CONTEXT_DIR`  |  --  |  `Path within Git project to build; empty for root project directory.`  |  `helloworld` 
| `DB_JNDI`  |  `DB_JNDI`  |  `Database JNDI name used by application to resolve the datasource, e.g. java:/jboss/datasources/postgresql`  |  `${DB_JNDI}` 
| `DB_DATABASE`  |  `DB_DATABASE`  |  `Database name`  |  `root` 
| `VOLUME_CAPACITY`  |  --  |  `Size of persistent storage for database volume.`  |  `512Mi` 
| `HORNETQ_QUEUES`  |  `HORNETQ_QUEUES`  |  `Queue names`  |  `${HORNETQ_QUEUES}` 
| `HORNETQ_TOPICS`  |  `HORNETQ_TOPICS`  |  `Topic names`  |  `${HORNETQ_TOPICS}` 
| `EAP_HTTPS_SECRET`  |  --  |  `The name of the secret containing the keystore file`  |  `eap-app-secret` 
| `EAP_HTTPS_KEYSTORE`  |  `EAP_HTTPS_KEYSTORE_DIR`  |  `The name of the keystore file within the secret`  |  `keystore.jks` 
| `EAP_HTTPS_NAME`  |  `EAP_HTTPS_NAME`  |  `The name associated with the server certificate`  |  `${EAP_HTTPS_NAME}` 
| `EAP_HTTPS_PASSWORD`  |  `EAP_HTTPS_PASSWORD`  |  `The password for the keystore and certificate`  |  `${EAP_HTTPS_PASSWORD}` 
| `DB_MIN_POOL_SIZE`  |  `DB_MIN_POOL_SIZE`  |  `Sets xa-pool/min-pool-size for the configured datasource.`  |  `${DB_MIN_POOL_SIZE}` 
| `DB_MAX_POOL_SIZE`  |  `DB_MAX_POOL_SIZE`  |  `Sets xa-pool/max-pool-size for the configured datasource.`  |  `${DB_MAX_POOL_SIZE}` 
| `DB_TX_ISOLATION`  |  `DB_TX_ISOLATION`  |  `Sets transaction-isolation for the configured datasource.`  |  `${DB_TX_ISOLATION}` 
| `POSTGRESQL_MAX_CONNECTIONS`  |  `POSTGRESQL_MAX_CONNECTIONS`  |  `The maximum number of client connections allowed. This also sets the maximum number of prepared transactions.`  |  `${POSTGRESQL_MAX_CONNECTIONS}` 
| `POSTGRESQL_SHARED_BUFFERS`  |  `POSTGRESQL_SHARED_BUFFERS`  |  `Configures how much memory is dedicated to PostgreSQL for caching data.`  |  `${POSTGRESQL_SHARED_BUFFERS}` 
| `HORNETQ_CLUSTER_PASSWORD`  |  `HORNETQ_CLUSTER_PASSWORD`  |  `HornetQ cluster admin password`  |  `${HORNETQ_CLUSTER_PASSWORD}` 
| `DB_USERNAME`  |  `DB_USERNAME`  |  `Database user name`  |  `${DB_USERNAME}` 
| `DB_PASSWORD`  |  `DB_PASSWORD`  |  `Database user password`  |  `${DB_PASSWORD}` 
| `GITHUB_TRIGGER_SECRET`  |  --  |  `GitHub trigger secret`  |  `secret101` 
| `GENERIC_TRIGGER_SECRET`  |  --  |  `Generic build trigger secret`  |  `secret101` 
| `IMAGE_STREAM_NAMESPACE`  |  --  |  `Namespace in which the ImageStreams for Red Hat Middleware images are installed. These ImageStreams are normally installed in the openshift namespace. You should only need to modify this if you've installed the ImageStreams in a different namespace/project.`  |  `openshift` 
|=======================================================================

== Objects

The CLI supports various object types. A list of these object types as well as their abbreviations
can be found in the https://docs.openshift.org/latest/cli_reference/basic_cli_operations.html#object-types[Openshift documentation].

=== Services

A service is an abstraction which defines a logical set of pods and a policy by which to access them. Refer to the
https://cloud.google.com/container-engine/docs/services/[container-engine documentation] for more information.

|=============
|Service        |Port  | Description

| `${APPLICATION_NAME}`  |  `8080`  |  `The web server's http port.` 
| `secure-${APPLICATION_NAME}`  |  `8443`  |  `The web server's https port.` 
| `${APPLICATION_NAME}-postgresql`  |  `5432`  |  `The database server's port.` 
|=============

=== Routes

A route is a way to expose a service by giving it an externally-reachable hostname such as `www.example.com`. A defined route and the endpoints
identified by its service can be consumed by a router to provide named connectivity from external clients to your applications. Each route consists
of a route name, service selector, and (optionally) security configuration. Refer to the
https://docs.openshift.com/enterprise/3.0/architecture/core_concepts/routes.html[Openshift documentation] for more information.

|=============
| Service    | Security | Hostname

| `${APPLICATION_NAME}-http-route`  |  `none`  |  `${APPLICATION_HOSTNAME}` 
| `${APPLICATION_NAME}-https-route`  |  `TLS passthrough`  |  `${APPLICATION_HOSTNAME}` 
|=============

=== Build Configurations

A `buildConfig` describes a single build definition and a set of triggers for when a new build should be created.
A `buildConfig` is a REST object, which can be used in a POST to the API server to create a new instance. Refer to
the https://docs.openshift.com/enterprise/3.0/dev_guide/builds.html#defining-a-buildconfig[Openshift documentation]
for more information.

|=============
| STI image  | link | Build output | BuildTriggers and Settings

| `jboss-eap6-openshift:${EAP_RELEASE}`  |  ` link:../../eap/eap-openshift{outfilesuffix}[`jboss-eap-6/eap-openshift`]`  |  `${APPLICATION_NAME}:latest`  |  `Generic, GitHub, ImageChange` 
|=============

=== Deployment Configurations

A deployment in OpenShift is a replication controller based on a user defined template called a deployment configuration. Deployments are created manually or in response to triggered events.
Refer to the https://docs.openshift.com/enterprise/3.0/dev_guide/deployments.html#creating-a-deployment-configuration[Openshift documentation] for more information.

==== Triggers

A trigger drives the creation of new deployments in response to events, both inside and outside OpenShift. Refer to the
https://access.redhat.com/beta/documentation/en/openshift-enterprise-30-developer-guide#triggers[Openshift documentation] for more information.

|============
|Deployment | Triggers

| `${APPLICATION_NAME}`  |  `ImageChange` 
| `${APPLICATION_NAME}-postgresql`  |  `ImageChange` 
|============

==== Replicas

A replication controller ensures that a specified number of pod "replicas" are running at any one time.
If there are too many, the replication controller kills some pods. If there are too few, it starts more.
Refer to the https://cloud.google.com/container-engine/docs/replicationcontrollers/[container-engine documentation]
for more information.

|============
|Deployment | Replicas

| `${APPLICATION_NAME}`  |  `1` 
| `${APPLICATION_NAME}-postgresql`  |  `1` 
|============

==== Pod Template

===== Service Accounts

Service accounts are API objects that exist within each project. They can be created or deleted like any other API object. Refer to the
https://docs.openshift.com/enterprise/3.0/dev_guide/service_accounts.html#managing-service-accounts[Openshift documentation] for more
information.

|============
|Deployment | Service Account

| `${APPLICATION_NAME}`  |  `eap-service-account` 
|============

===== Image

|============
|Deployment | Image

| `${APPLICATION_NAME}`  |  `${APPLICATION_NAME}` 
| `${APPLICATION_NAME}-postgresql`  |  `postgresql` 
|============

===== Readiness Probe


====== ${APPLICATION_NAME}
----
/bin/bash

-c

/opt/eap/bin/readinessProbe.sh
----


===== Exposed Ports

|=============
|Deployments | Name  | Port  | Protocol

.3+| `${APPLICATION_NAME}`
| `http`  |  `8080`  |  `TCP` 
| `https`  |  `8443`  |  `TCP` 
| `ping`  |  `8888`  |  `TCP` 
.1+| `${APPLICATION_NAME}-postgresql`
| --  |  `5432`  |  `TCP` 
|=============

===== Image Environment Variables

|=======================================================================
|Deployment |Variable name |Description |Example value

.18+| `${APPLICATION_NAME}`
| `DB_SERVICE_PREFIX_MAPPING`  |  --  |  `${APPLICATION_NAME}-postgresql=DB` 
| `DB_JNDI`  |  `Database JNDI name used by application to resolve the datasource, e.g. java:/jboss/datasources/postgresql`  |  `${DB_JNDI}` 
| `DB_USERNAME`  |  `Database user name`  |  `${DB_USERNAME}` 
| `DB_PASSWORD`  |  `Database user password`  |  `${DB_PASSWORD}` 
| `DB_DATABASE`  |  `Database name`  |  `${DB_DATABASE}` 
| `TX_DATABASE_PREFIX_MAPPING`  |  --  |  `${APPLICATION_NAME}-postgresql=DB` 
| `DB_MIN_POOL_SIZE`  |  `Sets xa-pool/min-pool-size for the configured datasource.`  |  `${DB_MIN_POOL_SIZE}` 
| `DB_MAX_POOL_SIZE`  |  `Sets xa-pool/max-pool-size for the configured datasource.`  |  `${DB_MAX_POOL_SIZE}` 
| `DB_TX_ISOLATION`  |  `Sets transaction-isolation for the configured datasource.`  |  `${DB_TX_ISOLATION}` 
| `OPENSHIFT_KUBE_PING_NAMESPACE` | Used to define the Kubernetes namespace for selecting pods that are part of the same cluster for JGroups openshift.`KUBE_PING`. Required for multi-node clustering; provided dynamically in supported templates as `"valueFrom": { "fieldRef": { "fieldPath": "metadata.namespace" } }` | `myproject`
| `OPENSHIFT_KUBE_PING_LABELS` | Used to define the Kubernetes labels for selecting pods that are part of the same cluster for JGroups openshift.`KUBE_PING`. Recommended; provided in supported templates as `application=${APPLICATION_NAME}` | `application=eap-app`
| `EAP_HTTPS_KEYSTORE_DIR`  |  `The name of the keystore file within the secret`  |  `/etc/eap-secret-volume` 
| `EAP_HTTPS_KEYSTORE`  |  `The name of the keystore file within the secret`  |  `${EAP_HTTPS_KEYSTORE}` 
| `EAP_HTTPS_NAME`  |  `The name associated with the server certificate`  |  `${EAP_HTTPS_NAME}` 
| `EAP_HTTPS_PASSWORD`  |  `The password for the keystore and certificate`  |  `${EAP_HTTPS_PASSWORD}` 
| `HORNETQ_CLUSTER_PASSWORD`  |  `HornetQ cluster admin password`  |  `${HORNETQ_CLUSTER_PASSWORD}` 
| `HORNETQ_QUEUES`  |  `Queue names`  |  `${HORNETQ_QUEUES}` 
| `HORNETQ_TOPICS`  |  `Topic names`  |  `${HORNETQ_TOPICS}` 
.5+| `${APPLICATION_NAME}-postgresql`
| `POSTGRESQL_USER`  |  --  |  `${DB_USERNAME}` 
| `POSTGRESQL_PASSWORD`  |  --  |  `${DB_PASSWORD}` 
| `POSTGRESQL_DATABASE`  |  --  |  `${DB_DATABASE}` 
| `POSTGRESQL_MAX_CONNECTIONS`  |  `The maximum number of client connections allowed. This also sets the maximum number of prepared transactions.`  |  `${POSTGRESQL_MAX_CONNECTIONS}` 
| `POSTGRESQL_SHARED_BUFFERS`  |  `Configures how much memory is dedicated to PostgreSQL for caching data.`  |  `${POSTGRESQL_SHARED_BUFFERS}` 
|=======================================================================

=====  Volumes

|=============
|Deployment |Name  | mountPath | Purpose | readOnly 

| `${APPLICATION_NAME}`  |  `eap-keystore-volume`  |  `/etc/eap-secret-volume`  |  `ssl certs`  |  `True` 
| `${APPLICATION_NAME}-postgresql`  |  `${APPLICATION_NAME}-postgresql-pvol`  |  `/var/lib/pgsql/data`  |  `postgresql`  |  `false` 
|=============

=== External Dependencies

==== Volume Claims

A `PersistentVolume` object is a storage resource in an OpenShift cluster. Storage is provisioned by an administrator
by creating `PersistentVolume` objects from sources such as GCE Persistent Disks, AWS Elastic Block Stores (EBS), and NFS mounts.
Refer to the https://docs.openshift.com/enterprise/3.0/dev_guide/persistent_volumes.html#overview[Openshift documentation] for
more information.

|=============
|Name | Access Mode

| `${APPLICATION_NAME}-postgresql-claim`  |  `ReadWriteOnce` 
|=============

==== Secrets 

This template requires https://github.com/jboss-openshift/application-templates/blob/master/secrets/eap-app-secrets.json[eap-app-secrets.json] to be installed for the application to run.

[[clustering]]
==== Clustering

Clustering in OpenShift EAP is achieved through one of two discovery mechanisms:
Kubernetes or DNS. This is done by configuring the JGroups protocol stack in
standalone-openshift.xml with either the `<openshift.KUBE_PING/>` or `<openshift.DNS_PING/>`
elements. Out of the box, `KUBE_PING` is the supported protocol and what is
pre-configured in OpenShift EAP.

For `KUBE_PING` to work, however, the following steps must be taken:

. The `OPENSHIFT_KUBE_PING_NAMESPACE` environment variable must be set (see table above).
If not set, the server will act as if it is a single-node cluster (a "cluster of one").
. The `OPENSHIFT_KUBE_PING_LABELS` environment variables should be set (see table above).
If not set, pods outside of your application (albeit in your namespace) will try to join.
. Authorization must be granted to the service account the pod is running under to be
allowed to access Kubernetes' REST api. This is done on the command line.

.Policy commands
====
Using the default service account in the myproject namespace:
....
oc policy add-role-to-user view system:serviceaccount:myproject:default -n myproject
....
Using the eap-service-account in the myproject namespace:
....
oc policy add-role-to-user view system:serviceaccount:myproject:eap-service-account -n myproject
....
====
