docs/decisionserver/decisionserver62-amq-s2i.adoc, before:

////
    AUTOGENERATED FILE - this file was generated via ./gen_template_docs.py.
    Changes to .adoc or HTML files may be overwritten! Please change the
    generator or the input template (./*.in)
////

= decisionserver62-amq-s2i
:toc:
:toc-placement!:
:toclevels: 5

Application template for Red Hat JBoss BRMS 6.2 decision server A-MQ applications built using S2I.

toc::[]


== Parameters

Templates allow you to define parameters which take on a value. That value is then substituted wherever the parameter is referenced.
References can be defined in any text field in the objects list field. Refer to the
https://docs.openshift.org/latest/architecture/core_concepts/templates.html#parameters[Openshift documentation] for more information.

|=======================================================================
|Variable name |Image Environment Variable |Description |Example value |Required

|`KIE_CONTAINER_DEPLOYMENT` | `KIE_CONTAINER_DEPLOYMENT` | The KIE Container deployment configuration in format: containerId=groupId:artifactId:version|c2=g2:a2:v2 | HelloRulesContainer=org.openshift.quickstarts:decisionserver-hellorules:1.2.0.Final | False
|`KIE_SERVER_USER` | `KIE_SERVER_USER` | The user name to access the KIE Server REST or JMS interface. | kieserver | False
|`KIE_SERVER_PASSWORD` | `KIE_SERVER_PASSWORD` | The password to access the KIE Server REST or JMS interface. Must be different than username; must not be root, admin, or administrator; must contain at least 8 characters, 1 alphabetic character(s), 1 digit(s), and 1 non-alphanumeric symbol(s). | `${KIE_SERVER_PASSWORD}` | False
|`KIE_SERVER_DOMAIN` | `KIE_SERVER_DOMAIN` | JAAS LoginContext domain that shall be used to authenticate users when using JMS. | other | False
|`KIE_SERVER_JMS_QUEUES_RESPONSE` | `KIE_SERVER_JMS_QUEUES_RESPONSE` | JNDI name of response queue for JMS. | queue/KIE.SERVER.RESPONSE | False
|`APPLICATION_NAME` | -- | The name for the application. | kie-app | True
|`HOSTNAME_HTTP` | -- | Custom hostname for http service route.  Leave blank for default hostname, e.g.: <application-name>-<project>.<default-domain-suffix> | -- | False
|`HOSTNAME_HTTPS` | -- | Custom hostname for https service route.  Leave blank for default hostname, e.g.: secure-<application-name>-<project>.<default-domain-suffix> | -- | False
|`SOURCE_REPOSITORY_URL` | -- | Git source URI for application | https://github.com/jboss-openshift/openshift-quickstarts.git | True
|`SOURCE_REPOSITORY_REF` | -- | Git branch/tag reference | 1.2 | False
|`CONTEXT_DIR` | -- | Path within Git project to build; empty for root project directory. | decisionserver/hellorules | False
|`MQ_JNDI` | `MQ_JNDI` | JNDI name for connection factory used by applications to connect to the broker, e.g. java:/JmsXA | java:/JmsXA | False
|`MQ_PROTOCOL` | `MQ_PROTOCOL` | Broker protocols to configure, separated by commas. Allowed values are: `openwire`, `amqp`, `stomp` and `mqtt`. Only `openwire` is supported by EAP. | openwire | False
|`MQ_QUEUES` | `MQ_QUEUES` | Queue names, separated by commas. These queues will be automatically created when the broker starts. Also, they will be made accessible as JNDI resources in EAP. | KIE.SERVER.REQUEST,KIE.SERVER.RESPONSE | False
|`MQ_TOPICS` | `MQ_TOPICS` | Topic names, separated by commas. These topics will be automatically created when the broker starts. Also, they will be made accessible as JNDI resources in EAP. | `${MQ_TOPICS}` | False
|`HTTPS_SECRET` | -- | The name of the secret containing the keystore file | decisionserver-app-secret | False
|`HTTPS_KEYSTORE` | `HTTPS_KEYSTORE_DIR` | The name of the keystore file within the secret | keystore.jks | False
|`HTTPS_NAME` | `HTTPS_NAME` | The name associated with the server certificate | jboss | False
|`HTTPS_PASSWORD` | `HTTPS_PASSWORD` | The password for the keystore and certificate | mykeystorepass | False
|`MQ_USERNAME` | `MQ_USERNAME` | User name for standard broker user. It is required for connecting to the broker. If left empty, it will be generated. | `${MQ_USERNAME}` | False
|`MQ_PASSWORD` | `MQ_PASSWORD` | Password for standard broker user. It is required for connecting to the broker. If left empty, it will be generated. | `${MQ_PASSWORD}` | False
|`AMQ_MESH_DISCOVERY_TYPE` | `AMQ_MESH_DISCOVERY_TYPE` | The discovery agent type to use for discovering mesh endpoints.  'dns' will use OpenShift's DNS service to resolve endpoints.  'kube' will use Kubernetes REST API to resolve service endpoints.  If using 'kube' the service account for the pod must have the 'view' role, which can be added via 'oc policy add-role-to-user view system:serviceaccount:<namespace>:default' where <namespace> is the project namespace. | kube | False
|`AMQ_STORAGE_USAGE_LIMIT` | `AMQ_STORAGE_USAGE_LIMIT` | The A-MQ storage usage limit | 100 gb | False
|`GITHUB_WEBHOOK_SECRET` | -- | GitHub trigger secret | secret101 | True
|`GENERIC_WEBHOOK_SECRET` | -- | Generic build trigger secret | secret101 | True
|`IMAGE_STREAM_NAMESPACE` | -- | Namespace in which the ImageStreams for Red Hat Middleware images are installed. These ImageStreams are normally installed in the openshift namespace. You should only need to modify this if you've installed the ImageStreams in a different namespace/project. | openshift | True
|=======================================================================



== Objects

The CLI supports various object types. A list of these object types as well as their abbreviations
can be found in the https://docs.openshift.org/latest/cli_reference/basic_cli_operations.html#object-types[Openshift documentation].


=== Services

A service is an abstraction which defines a logical set of pods and a policy by which to access them. Refer to the
https://cloud.google.com/container-engine/docs/services/[container-engine documentation] for more information.

|=============
|Service        |Port  |Name | Description

.1+| `${APPLICATION_NAME}`
|8080 | --
.1+| The web server's HTTP port.
.1+| `secure-${APPLICATION_NAME}`
|8443 | --
.1+| The web server's HTTPS port.
.1+| `${APPLICATION_NAME}-amq-tcp`
|61616 | --
.1+| The broker's OpenWire port.
|=============



=== Routes

A route is a way to expose a service by giving it an externally-reachable hostname such as `www.example.com`. A defined route and the endpoints
identified by its service can be consumed by a router to provide named connectivity from external clients to your applications. Each route consists
of a route name, service selector, and (optionally) security configuration. Refer to the
https://docs.openshift.com/enterprise/3.0/architecture/core_concepts/routes.html[Openshift documentation] for more information.

|=============
| Service    | Security | Hostname

|`${APPLICATION_NAME}-http` | none | `${HOSTNAME_HTTP}`
|`${APPLICATION_NAME}-https` | TLS passthrough | `${HOSTNAME_HTTPS}`
|=============



=== Build Configurations

A `buildConfig` describes a single build definition and a set of triggers for when a new build should be created.
A `buildConfig` is a REST object, which can be used in a POST to the API server to create a new instance. Refer to
the https://docs.openshift.com/enterprise/3.0/dev_guide/builds.html#defining-a-buildconfig[Openshift documentation]
for more information.

|=============
| S2I image  | link | Build output | BuildTriggers and Settings

|jboss-decisionserver62-openshift:1.2 |  link:../../decisionserver/decisionserver-openshift{outfilesuffix}[`jboss-decisionserver-6/decisionserver62-openshift`] | `${APPLICATION_NAME}:latest` | GitHub, Generic, ImageChange, ConfigChange
|=============


=== Deployment Configurations

A deployment in OpenShift is a replication controller based on a user defined template called a deployment configuration. Deployments are created manually or in response to triggered events.
Refer to the https://docs.openshift.com/enterprise/3.0/dev_guide/deployments.html#creating-a-deployment-configuration[Openshift documentation] for more information.


==== Triggers

A trigger drives the creation of new deployments in response to events, both inside and outside OpenShift. Refer to the
https://access.redhat.com/beta/documentation/en/openshift-enterprise-30-developer-guide#triggers[Openshift documentation] for more information.

|============
|Deployment | Triggers

|`${APPLICATION_NAME}` | ImageChange
|`${APPLICATION_NAME}-amq` | ImageChange
|============



==== Replicas

A replication controller ensures that a specified number of pod "replicas" are running at any one time.
If there are too many, the replication controller kills some pods. If there are too few, it starts more.
Refer to the https://cloud.google.com/container-engine/docs/replicationcontrollers/[container-engine documentation]
for more information.

|============
|Deployment | Replicas

|`${APPLICATION_NAME}` | 1
|`${APPLICATION_NAME}-amq` | 1
|============


==== Pod Template


===== Service Accounts

Service accounts are API objects that exist within each project. They can be created or deleted like any other API object. Refer to the
https://docs.openshift.com/enterprise/3.0/dev_guide/service_accounts.html#managing-service-accounts[Openshift documentation] for more
information.

|============
|Deployment | Service Account

|`${APPLICATION_NAME}` | decisionserver-service-account
|============



===== Image

|============
|Deployment | Image

|`${APPLICATION_NAME}` | `${APPLICATION_NAME}`
|`${APPLICATION_NAME}-amq` | jboss-amq-62
|============



===== Readiness Probe


.${APPLICATION_NAME}
----
/bin/bash -c /opt/eap/bin/readinessProbe.sh
----

.${APPLICATION_NAME}-amq
----
/bin/bash -c /opt/amq/bin/readinessProbe.sh
----




===== Exposed Ports

|=============
|Deployments | Name  | Port  | Protocol

.3+| `${APPLICATION_NAME}`
|jolokia | 8778 | `TCP`
|http | 8080 | `TCP`
|https | 8443 | `TCP`
.8+| `${APPLICATION_NAME}-amq`
|jolokia | 8778 | `TCP`
|amqp | 5672 | `TCP`
|amqp-ssl | 5671 | `TCP`
|mqtt | 1883 | `TCP`
|stomp | 61613 | `TCP`
|stomp-ssl | 61612 | `TCP`
|tcp | 61616 | `TCP`
|tcp-ssl | 61617 | `TCP`
|=============



===== Image Environment Variables

|=======================================================================
|Deployment |Variable name |Description |Example value

.16+| `${APPLICATION_NAME}`
|`KIE_CONTAINER_DEPLOYMENT` | The KIE Container deployment configuration in format: containerId=groupId:artifactId:version|c2=g2:a2:v2 | `${KIE_CONTAINER_DEPLOYMENT}`
|`KIE_SERVER_USER` | The user name to access the KIE Server REST or JMS interface. | `${KIE_SERVER_USER}`
|`KIE_SERVER_PASSWORD` | The password to access the KIE Server REST or JMS interface. Must be different than username; must not be root, admin, or administrator; must contain at least 8 characters, 1 alphabetic character(s), 1 digit(s), and 1 non-alphanumeric symbol(s). | `${KIE_SERVER_PASSWORD}`
|`KIE_SERVER_DOMAIN` | JAAS LoginContext domain that shall be used to authenticate users when using JMS. | `${KIE_SERVER_DOMAIN}`
|`KIE_SERVER_JMS_QUEUES_RESPONSE` | JNDI name of response queue for JMS. | `${KIE_SERVER_JMS_QUEUES_RESPONSE}`
|`MQ_SERVICE_PREFIX_MAPPING` | -- | `${APPLICATION_NAME}-amq=MQ`
|`MQ_JNDI` | JNDI name for connection factory used by applications to connect to the broker, e.g. java:/JmsXA | `${MQ_JNDI}`
|`MQ_USERNAME` | User name for standard broker user. It is required for connecting to the broker. If left empty, it will be generated. | `${MQ_USERNAME}`
|`MQ_PASSWORD` | Password for standard broker user. It is required for connecting to the broker. If left empty, it will be generated. | `${MQ_PASSWORD}`
|`MQ_PROTOCOL` | Broker protocols to configure, separated by commas. Allowed values are: `openwire`, `amqp`, `stomp` and `mqtt`. Only `openwire` is supported by EAP. | tcp
|`MQ_QUEUES` | Queue names, separated by commas. These queues will be automatically created when the broker starts. Also, they will be made accessible as JNDI resources in EAP. | `${MQ_QUEUES}`
|`MQ_TOPICS` | Topic names, separated by commas. These topics will be automatically created when the broker starts. Also, they will be made accessible as JNDI resources in EAP. | `${MQ_TOPICS}`
|`HTTPS_KEYSTORE_DIR` | The name of the keystore file within the secret | `/etc/decisionserver-secret-volume`
|`HTTPS_KEYSTORE` | The name of the keystore file within the secret | `${HTTPS_KEYSTORE}`
|`HTTPS_NAME` | The name associated with the server certificate | `${HTTPS_NAME}`
|`HTTPS_PASSWORD` | The password for the keystore and certificate | `${HTTPS_PASSWORD}`
.7+| `${APPLICATION_NAME}-amq`
|`AMQ_USER` | User name for standard broker user. It is required for connecting to the broker. If left empty, it will be generated. | `${MQ_USERNAME}`
|`AMQ_PASSWORD` | Password for standard broker user. It is required for connecting to the broker. If left empty, it will be generated. | `${MQ_PASSWORD}`
|`AMQ_TRANSPORTS` | -- | `${MQ_PROTOCOL}`
|`AMQ_MESH_DISCOVERY_TYPE` | The discovery agent type to use for discovering mesh endpoints.  'dns' will use OpenShift's DNS service to resolve endpoints.  'kube' will use Kubernetes REST API to resolve service endpoints.  If using 'kube' the service account for the pod must have the 'view' role, which can be added via 'oc policy add-role-to-user view system:serviceaccount:<namespace>:default' where <namespace> is the project namespace. | `${AMQ_MESH_DISCOVERY_TYPE}`
|`AMQ_MESH_SERVICE_NAME` | -- | `${APPLICATION_NAME}-amq-tcp`
|`AMQ_MESH_SERVICE_NAMESPACE` | -- | --
|`AMQ_STORAGE_USAGE_LIMIT` | The A-MQ storage usage limit | `${AMQ_STORAGE_USAGE_LIMIT}`
|=======================================================================



=====  Volumes

|=============
|Deployment |Name  | mountPath | Purpose | readOnly 

|`${APPLICATION_NAME}` | decisionserver-keystore-volume | `/etc/decisionserver-secret-volume` | ssl certs | True
|=============


=== External Dependencies




==== Secrets

This template requires link:../secrets/decisionserver-app-secret.adoc[decisionserver-app-secret.json]
to be installed for the application to run.

Commit message:

Updating description for GITHUB_WEBHOOK_SECRET
Updating description for the GITHUB_WEBHOOK_SECRET field per
Bugzilla https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1365656
to more clearly differentiate between OpenShift's Github webhook
secret, and actual Github webhook secrets.

docs/decisionserver/decisionserver62-amq-s2i.adoc, after:

////
    AUTOGENERATED FILE - this file was generated via ./gen_template_docs.py.
    Changes to .adoc or HTML files may be overwritten! Please change the
    generator or the input template (./*.in)
////

= decisionserver62-amq-s2i
:toc:
:toc-placement!:
:toclevels: 5

Application template for Red Hat JBoss BRMS 6.2 decision server A-MQ applications built using S2I.

toc::[]


== Parameters

Templates allow you to define parameters which take on a value. That value is then substituted wherever the parameter is referenced.
References can be defined in any text field in the objects list field. Refer to the
https://docs.openshift.org/latest/architecture/core_concepts/templates.html#parameters[Openshift documentation] for more information.

|=======================================================================
|Variable name |Image Environment Variable |Description |Example value |Required

|`KIE_CONTAINER_DEPLOYMENT` | `KIE_CONTAINER_DEPLOYMENT` | The KIE Container deployment configuration in format: containerId=groupId:artifactId:version|c2=g2:a2:v2 | HelloRulesContainer=org.openshift.quickstarts:decisionserver-hellorules:1.2.0.Final | False
|`KIE_SERVER_USER` | `KIE_SERVER_USER` | The user name to access the KIE Server REST or JMS interface. | kieserver | False
|`KIE_SERVER_PASSWORD` | `KIE_SERVER_PASSWORD` | The password to access the KIE Server REST or JMS interface. Must be different than username; must not be root, admin, or administrator; must contain at least 8 characters, 1 alphabetic character(s), 1 digit(s), and 1 non-alphanumeric symbol(s). | `${KIE_SERVER_PASSWORD}` | False
|`KIE_SERVER_DOMAIN` | `KIE_SERVER_DOMAIN` | JAAS LoginContext domain that shall be used to authenticate users when using JMS. | other | False
|`KIE_SERVER_JMS_QUEUES_RESPONSE` | `KIE_SERVER_JMS_QUEUES_RESPONSE` | JNDI name of response queue for JMS. | queue/KIE.SERVER.RESPONSE | False
|`APPLICATION_NAME` | -- | The name for the application. | kie-app | True
|`HOSTNAME_HTTP` | -- | Custom hostname for http service route.  Leave blank for default hostname, e.g.: <application-name>-<project>.<default-domain-suffix> | -- | False
|`HOSTNAME_HTTPS` | -- | Custom hostname for https service route.  Leave blank for default hostname, e.g.: secure-<application-name>-<project>.<default-domain-suffix> | -- | False
|`SOURCE_REPOSITORY_URL` | -- | Git source URI for application | https://github.com/jboss-openshift/openshift-quickstarts.git | True
|`SOURCE_REPOSITORY_REF` | -- | Git branch/tag reference | 1.2 | False
|`CONTEXT_DIR` | -- | Path within Git project to build; empty for root project directory. | decisionserver/hellorules | False
|`MQ_JNDI` | `MQ_JNDI` | JNDI name for connection factory used by applications to connect to the broker, e.g. java:/JmsXA | java:/JmsXA | False
|`MQ_PROTOCOL` | `MQ_PROTOCOL` | Broker protocols to configure, separated by commas. Allowed values are: `openwire`, `amqp`, `stomp` and `mqtt`. Only `openwire` is supported by EAP. | openwire | False
|`MQ_QUEUES` | `MQ_QUEUES` | Queue names, separated by commas. These queues will be automatically created when the broker starts. Also, they will be made accessible as JNDI resources in EAP. | KIE.SERVER.REQUEST,KIE.SERVER.RESPONSE | False
|`MQ_TOPICS` | `MQ_TOPICS` | Topic names, separated by commas. These topics will be automatically created when the broker starts. Also, they will be made accessible as JNDI resources in EAP. | `${MQ_TOPICS}` | False
|`HTTPS_SECRET` | -- | The name of the secret containing the keystore file | decisionserver-app-secret | False
|`HTTPS_KEYSTORE` | `HTTPS_KEYSTORE_DIR` | The name of the keystore file within the secret | keystore.jks | False
|`HTTPS_NAME` | `HTTPS_NAME` | The name associated with the server certificate | jboss | False
|`HTTPS_PASSWORD` | `HTTPS_PASSWORD` | The password for the keystore and certificate | mykeystorepass | False
|`MQ_USERNAME` | `MQ_USERNAME` | User name for standard broker user. It is required for connecting to the broker. If left empty, it will be generated. | `${MQ_USERNAME}` | False
|`MQ_PASSWORD` | `MQ_PASSWORD` | Password for standard broker user. It is required for connecting to the broker. If left empty, it will be generated. | `${MQ_PASSWORD}` | False
|`AMQ_MESH_DISCOVERY_TYPE` | `AMQ_MESH_DISCOVERY_TYPE` | The discovery agent type to use for discovering mesh endpoints.  'dns' will use OpenShift's DNS service to resolve endpoints.  'kube' will use Kubernetes REST API to resolve service endpoints.  If using 'kube' the service account for the pod must have the 'view' role, which can be added via 'oc policy add-role-to-user view system:serviceaccount:<namespace>:default' where <namespace> is the project namespace. | kube | False
|`AMQ_STORAGE_USAGE_LIMIT` | `AMQ_STORAGE_USAGE_LIMIT` | The A-MQ storage usage limit | 100 gb | False
|`GITHUB_WEBHOOK_SECRET` | -- | Github trigger secret.  A difficult to guess string encoded as part of the webhook URL.  Not encrypted. | secret101 | True
|`GENERIC_WEBHOOK_SECRET` | -- | Generic trigger secret.  A difficult to guess string encoded as part of the webhook URL.  Not encrypted. | secret101 | True
|`IMAGE_STREAM_NAMESPACE` | -- | Namespace in which the ImageStreams for Red Hat Middleware images are installed. These ImageStreams are normally installed in the openshift namespace. You should only need to modify this if you've installed the ImageStreams in a different namespace/project. | openshift | True
|=======================================================================



== Objects

The CLI supports various object types. A list of these object types as well as their abbreviations
can be found in the https://docs.openshift.org/latest/cli_reference/basic_cli_operations.html#object-types[Openshift documentation].


=== Services

A service is an abstraction which defines a logical set of pods and a policy by which to access them. Refer to the
https://cloud.google.com/container-engine/docs/services/[container-engine documentation] for more information.

|=============
|Service        |Port  |Name | Description

.1+| `${APPLICATION_NAME}`
|8080 | --
.1+| The web server's HTTP port.
.1+| `secure-${APPLICATION_NAME}`
|8443 | --
.1+| The web server's HTTPS port.
.1+| `${APPLICATION_NAME}-amq-tcp`
|61616 | --
.1+| The broker's OpenWire port.
|=============



=== Routes

A route is a way to expose a service by giving it an externally-reachable hostname such as `www.example.com`. A defined route and the endpoints
identified by its service can be consumed by a router to provide named connectivity from external clients to your applications. Each route consists
of a route name, service selector, and (optionally) security configuration. Refer to the
https://docs.openshift.com/enterprise/3.0/architecture/core_concepts/routes.html[Openshift documentation] for more information.

|=============
| Service    | Security | Hostname

|`${APPLICATION_NAME}-http` | none | `${HOSTNAME_HTTP}`
|`${APPLICATION_NAME}-https` | TLS passthrough | `${HOSTNAME_HTTPS}`
|=============



=== Build Configurations

A `buildConfig` describes a single build definition and a set of triggers for when a new build should be created.
A `buildConfig` is a REST object, which can be used in a POST to the API server to create a new instance. Refer to
the https://docs.openshift.com/enterprise/3.0/dev_guide/builds.html#defining-a-buildconfig[Openshift documentation]
for more information.

|=============
| S2I image  | link | Build output | BuildTriggers and Settings

|jboss-decisionserver62-openshift:1.2 |  link:../../decisionserver/decisionserver-openshift{outfilesuffix}[`jboss-decisionserver-6/decisionserver62-openshift`] | `${APPLICATION_NAME}:latest` | GitHub, Generic, ImageChange, ConfigChange
|=============


=== Deployment Configurations

A deployment in OpenShift is a replication controller based on a user defined template called a deployment configuration. Deployments are created manually or in response to triggered events.
Refer to the https://docs.openshift.com/enterprise/3.0/dev_guide/deployments.html#creating-a-deployment-configuration[Openshift documentation] for more information.


==== Triggers

A trigger drives the creation of new deployments in response to events, both inside and outside OpenShift. Refer to the
https://access.redhat.com/beta/documentation/en/openshift-enterprise-30-developer-guide#triggers[Openshift documentation] for more information.

|============
|Deployment | Triggers

|`${APPLICATION_NAME}` | ImageChange
|`${APPLICATION_NAME}-amq` | ImageChange
|============



==== Replicas

A replication controller ensures that a specified number of pod "replicas" are running at any one time.
If there are too many, the replication controller kills some pods. If there are too few, it starts more.
Refer to the https://cloud.google.com/container-engine/docs/replicationcontrollers/[container-engine documentation]
for more information.

|============
|Deployment | Replicas

|`${APPLICATION_NAME}` | 1
|`${APPLICATION_NAME}-amq` | 1
|============


==== Pod Template


===== Service Accounts

Service accounts are API objects that exist within each project. They can be created or deleted like any other API object. Refer to the
https://docs.openshift.com/enterprise/3.0/dev_guide/service_accounts.html#managing-service-accounts[Openshift documentation] for more
information.

|============
|Deployment | Service Account

|`${APPLICATION_NAME}` | decisionserver-service-account
|============



===== Image

|============
|Deployment | Image

|`${APPLICATION_NAME}` | `${APPLICATION_NAME}`
|`${APPLICATION_NAME}-amq` | jboss-amq-62
|============



===== Readiness Probe


.${APPLICATION_NAME}
----
/bin/bash -c /opt/eap/bin/readinessProbe.sh
----

.${APPLICATION_NAME}-amq
----
/bin/bash -c /opt/amq/bin/readinessProbe.sh
----




===== Exposed Ports

|=============
|Deployments | Name  | Port  | Protocol

.3+| `${APPLICATION_NAME}`
|jolokia | 8778 | `TCP`
|http | 8080 | `TCP`
|https | 8443 | `TCP`
.8+| `${APPLICATION_NAME}-amq`
|jolokia | 8778 | `TCP`
|amqp | 5672 | `TCP`
|amqp-ssl | 5671 | `TCP`
|mqtt | 1883 | `TCP`
|stomp | 61613 | `TCP`
|stomp-ssl | 61612 | `TCP`
|tcp | 61616 | `TCP`
|tcp-ssl | 61617 | `TCP`
|=============



===== Image Environment Variables

|=======================================================================
|Deployment |Variable name |Description |Example value

.16+| `${APPLICATION_NAME}`
|`KIE_CONTAINER_DEPLOYMENT` | The KIE Container deployment configuration in format: containerId=groupId:artifactId:version|c2=g2:a2:v2 | `${KIE_CONTAINER_DEPLOYMENT}`
|`KIE_SERVER_USER` | The user name to access the KIE Server REST or JMS interface. | `${KIE_SERVER_USER}`
|`KIE_SERVER_PASSWORD` | The password to access the KIE Server REST or JMS interface. Must be different than username; must not be root, admin, or administrator; must contain at least 8 characters, 1 alphabetic character(s), 1 digit(s), and 1 non-alphanumeric symbol(s). | `${KIE_SERVER_PASSWORD}`
|`KIE_SERVER_DOMAIN` | JAAS LoginContext domain that shall be used to authenticate users when using JMS. | `${KIE_SERVER_DOMAIN}`
|`KIE_SERVER_JMS_QUEUES_RESPONSE` | JNDI name of response queue for JMS. | `${KIE_SERVER_JMS_QUEUES_RESPONSE}`
|`MQ_SERVICE_PREFIX_MAPPING` | -- | `${APPLICATION_NAME}-amq=MQ`
|`MQ_JNDI` | JNDI name for connection factory used by applications to connect to the broker, e.g. java:/JmsXA | `${MQ_JNDI}`
|`MQ_USERNAME` | User name for standard broker user. It is required for connecting to the broker. If left empty, it will be generated. | `${MQ_USERNAME}`
|`MQ_PASSWORD` | Password for standard broker user. It is required for connecting to the broker. If left empty, it will be generated. | `${MQ_PASSWORD}`
|`MQ_PROTOCOL` | Broker protocols to configure, separated by commas. Allowed values are: `openwire`, `amqp`, `stomp` and `mqtt`. Only `openwire` is supported by EAP. | tcp
|`MQ_QUEUES` | Queue names, separated by commas. These queues will be automatically created when the broker starts. Also, they will be made accessible as JNDI resources in EAP. | `${MQ_QUEUES}`
|`MQ_TOPICS` | Topic names, separated by commas. These topics will be automatically created when the broker starts. Also, they will be made accessible as JNDI resources in EAP. | `${MQ_TOPICS}`
|`HTTPS_KEYSTORE_DIR` | The name of the keystore file within the secret | `/etc/decisionserver-secret-volume`
|`HTTPS_KEYSTORE` | The name of the keystore file within the secret | `${HTTPS_KEYSTORE}`
|`HTTPS_NAME` | The name associated with the server certificate | `${HTTPS_NAME}`
|`HTTPS_PASSWORD` | The password for the keystore and certificate | `${HTTPS_PASSWORD}`
.7+| `${APPLICATION_NAME}-amq`
|`AMQ_USER` | User name for standard broker user. It is required for connecting to the broker. If left empty, it will be generated. | `${MQ_USERNAME}`
|`AMQ_PASSWORD` | Password for standard broker user. It is required for connecting to the broker. If left empty, it will be generated. | `${MQ_PASSWORD}`
|`AMQ_TRANSPORTS` | -- | `${MQ_PROTOCOL}`
|`AMQ_MESH_DISCOVERY_TYPE` | The discovery agent type to use for discovering mesh endpoints.  'dns' will use OpenShift's DNS service to resolve endpoints.  'kube' will use Kubernetes REST API to resolve service endpoints.  If using 'kube' the service account for the pod must have the 'view' role, which can be added via 'oc policy add-role-to-user view system:serviceaccount:<namespace>:default' where <namespace> is the project namespace. | `${AMQ_MESH_DISCOVERY_TYPE}`
|`AMQ_MESH_SERVICE_NAME` | -- | `${APPLICATION_NAME}-amq-tcp`
|`AMQ_MESH_SERVICE_NAMESPACE` | -- | --
|`AMQ_STORAGE_USAGE_LIMIT` | The A-MQ storage usage limit | `${AMQ_STORAGE_USAGE_LIMIT}`
|=======================================================================



=====  Volumes

|=============
|Deployment |Name  | mountPath | Purpose | readOnly 

|`${APPLICATION_NAME}` | decisionserver-keystore-volume | `/etc/decisionserver-secret-volume` | ssl certs | True
|=============


=== External Dependencies




==== Secrets

This template requires link:../secrets/decisionserver-app-secret.adoc[decisionserver-app-secret.json]
to be installed for the application to run.
